{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Name: Jing Lu
\f1 \

\f0 SID: 010827271
\f1 \

\f0 Topic: Simplicity
\f1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 This is the second week for our project. Our second weekly team meeting was on Thursday and we started on the discussion of project design and prototyping. The purpose of this game is to teach kids sorting algorithm, so at first, we thought of a lot of mechanism to attract children\'92s attention and interests such as creating levels, fancy cartoons and so on. In terms of creating levels, we could create few random numbers to the users with low level and more numbers to users with higher levels. However, it might be boring to do QuickSort with like 20 numbers, so later we all decided to keep the design simpler (no mechanism for levels) and tried to keep it more educational and straightforward. At the same time, we also agreed that we could make the game interesting by giving some popular graphics and features during the gaming process. By making it educational and practical, the game was designed into two phases. For the first one, we would give instructions on how to perform a QuickSort with given numbers and for the second phase, the user/kid would be asked to perform a QuickSort by himself with another group of random numbers. We also tried to make the operations simple because kids are easy to be confused and lost with complicated operations. Simplicity is the critical value for this week because it is essential for our game design, while it is also hard to realize without losing the fun and challenge.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs21 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}